This text file contains things that are in progress or need work that have currently been implemented. It can be considered a TODO list

UPDATED 5/22/16

--HUD--
1. HUD is pretty buggy, but works fine for testing at the moment. This would be best fixed up when I have the actual HUD art

--COLLISIONS--
1. A bit buggy still. The player gets seemingly stuck on tiles too easily. Putting him in a sphere might help/fix this issue? Perhaps
creating a "rolling" effect on collisions with a sphere may be what I'm looking for. Either way, this will be a better thing to work on
once I've got the official sprite sheet for the player.

--ACTIONS--
1. The action button is currently being implemented. The goal is to get something that's extremely simple to set up in the zones specific class.
2. Will have to get the keyPressed method working correctly before anything else with the action button
3. Still need to implement a way to make text pop up (and remove the HUD when doing so)

--ZOOM--
1. Currently is working through HUD buttons, but eventually I would like to implement a "pinching" way to zoom in and out (for android)
while keeping the zoom buttons for the Desktop version of the game.

--IN GAME ANIMATIONS--
1. NOT YET STARTED. But these should work similar to how the actions are set up.

--CHANGING ZONES--
1. Currently being implemented. Having a problem with using the myContactListener class with the gameStateManager to switch states.
2. Also having trouble determining exactly what's going on with disposing items after the state is changed. It needs to be confirmed
that all items that need to are being disposed of.
3. Not very pleased with how the player will change zones coming in from the side. It doesn't really look like the player 
is entering the door in this case. I think this will be better to fix up after I have official art to work with.

--ENTITIES--
1. The Entity class is currently useless, and the AnimatedEntity class doesn't serve a huge purpose outside of supporting the Player class.
This may change as the game expands and I find more need for Entities, but as it stands these may be things I should rework or simplify down.

--BACKGROUND--
1. NOT YET STARTED. The main world requires a sky background to be moving underneath the main platform. 
This may be better to implement once I receive the official art.

--PACKAGES, ORGANIZATION, AND REFACTORING--
1. Now that I have a better idea of how the Top Down State is being organized, it may be worth it to reorganize some of the packages as to
prepare to add other states in the near future (Title and Battle). Code should be organized and refactored as needed before starting to implement
another state.